Add dependency update documentation (#1378)
Azure/ARO-RP: docs/updating-dependencies.md

> # Updating dependencies aka vendoring

Reviewer: Match header with fine name 
```
# Updating dependencies
```

> To update golang dependencies one have to choose between two options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To update golang dependencies one has to choose between two options:
```

1) update the whole dependency tree
2) update or add what is currently required

## Update the whole dependency tree

Done when the need to catch upstream dependencies arises, it can be done by
calling

```bash
make vendor
```

in root folder, which calls `hack/update-go-module-dependencies.sh`.

The reason for calling script instead of directly calling:

```bash
go get -u ./...
go mod tidy
go mod vendor
```

> is that packages modified in this script does not fully support modules and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
is that packages modified in this script do not fully support modules and
```

> semantic versioning via tags. Therefore the proper version parsed from the version

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
semantic versioning via tags. Therefore the proper version is parsed from the version
```

branch and fixed using replace directive. Otherwise it will upgrade every time
the command is started.

> When upgrading to never version of OpenShift, this script have to be updated to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When upgrading to a newer version of OpenShift, this script has to be updated to
```

reflect the proper release.

## Update only required dependencies

> When adding new dependencies or updating old ones, based by the requirement of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When adding new dependencies or updating old ones, based on the requirement of
```

> the the PR, one can simply call

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the PR, one can simply call
```

```bash
go get <module to be downloaded> OR

> go get -u <module to be updated>

Reviewer 2: mention the `go get -u <module>@<release>` syntax here?

go mod tidy
go mod vendor
```

> vendor is required as ARO is still mirroring all dependencies locally for the CI
> and due to problematic OpenShift packages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
make vendor is required as ARO mirrors all dependencies locally for CI reliability and reproducability.
```

**NOTE** that when running `go mod vendor` only modules that are used in the
source code will be vendored in.

> **NOTE** when updating the package modified in `hack/update-go-module-dependencies.sh`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE** when updating a package modified in `hack/update-go-module-dependencies.sh`
```
